---
layout: post
title: blah blah blah Gary is aewsome
date-tag: December 2009
category: press-release
---

<p><strong>EMERYVILLE, CA</strong> (October 27, 2007) - Online e-commerce trade publication Internet Retailer (<a href="http://www.internetretailer.com" target="_blank">www.internetretailer.com</a>) names Art.com a Hot 100 Best Retail Web Site for 2008 in the Specialty/Non-Apparel category. As the world’s largest online retailer for fine art, photography, posters, and other wall decor, Art.com offers shoppers an unparalleled selection of over 500,000 items. The company is innovating the way people discover and buy art as it continues to expand its many category and product offerings.</p>
<p>The Hot 100 represents a diversity of online retailing businesses of all sizes including chains, catalogers, online- only merchants and brand name manufacturers. Internet Retailer's editor in chief, Kurt T. Peters, explains a key factor in selecting the Hot 100, &quot;They have a common willingness to innovate and set the standards in online retailing for what the rest of the industry should be doing.&quot; Other criteria that vaulted these companies into the Hot 100 include engaging site design and standout search functionality, as well as taking risks on new concepts and technologies which can lead to a healthy bottom line.</p>
<p>Among the reasons for Art.com's inclusion is the web site's navigation, enabling visitors to easily search for fine art to decorative art by browsing subjects, artists or collections such as canvas art or tapestries. There's even a &quot;Shop by Style&quot; feature so visitors can explore art styles from Mediterranean to Shabby Chic. There are dedicated areas to access best sellers and decorating tips. Art lovers can also discover and purchase art directly from new, emerging artists through Artist Rising, the newest area of the site.</p>
<p>Kim Painley, president of Kinetic Marketing Consultants elaborates saying, &quot;They do an excellent job of sorting their products because they cover a lot of territory.&quot; She also praises Art.com's selling of upgrades and features, tools, and conveniences that enhance the visitor's experience.</p>
<p>Artwork can be purchased unframed or pre-framed according to the site's designer recommendations Custom framing is also available from their online custom frame shop with thousands of frame, mat and finishing combinations. Shoppers select the style and color of the frame and mat, and can crop the artwork to their taste They can then view the customized piece on the wall color of their choice before making a purchase.</p>
<p>Rob Giglio, chief marketing officer for Art.com says, &quot;We're thrilled to be included in the Hot 100 and we are committed to continually growing and providing the world's largest assortment of art and quality framing, all at great prices. We have something for everyone.</p>
<p>Among the 12 web sites distinguished in the Specialty/Non-Apparel category which covers gifts, collectibles and occasions are Shutterfly.com and ShopPBS.com. Winners in other categories include Amazon.com, HomeDepot.com, JCrew.com, Netflix.com, and Nike.com.</p>
<p><strong>About AllPosters.com and Art.com Inc.</strong><br>
Art.com Inc. is the global online leader for wall decor with a brand portfolio including AllPosters.com, Art.com, and ArtistRising. Revolutionizing the way individuals and businesses purchase art since 1995, our three core sites provide instant access to over 500,000 selections including posters, art prints and limited editions, to hand painted original artwork, across a vast array of subjects including movies, music, fine art and photography.As part of our one-stop shopping solution, other services include expert custom framing, mounting, and canvas transfer options, giving customers a diverse range of product formats and finishing options to suit their tastes.</p>